Previously on "The Rookie."
- Hey!
- So I sent a reckless text.
Reckless text?
That's criminal conspiracy!
The fact that you are mad
at me kind of blows my mind.
The fact that
you are judging me
instead of empathizing
is blowing mine.
- You're moving?
- Kind of.
The Hammer
is called the Hammer
because he likes to fight
and there's no one he loves
to fight more than cops.
Thanks.
- You're welcome.
We shouldn't.
- I know.
Good morning.
Thanks, everyone,
for being here.
The hardest step is showing up,
and we got that one down.
Yeah.
Who wants to start?
Tim?
What's on your mind?
I messed up with Lucy, I think.
Well, Valentine's Day
is tough.
Look, things have been
solid between us recently.
You know, I--I--I really--
I really feel like I'd earned
my way back in.
You know? Both on a personal
and professional level.
And then...
we ended up in this hotel room,
and I--
I knew it was a bad idea
in the moment,
that I was being selfish.
You know, that--
That I hadn't finished
doing the work
to fix what I had broke.
I just--I couldn't help myself.
This is said with love...
but you're using a lot
of "I" language.
I felt this, I did that.
But Lucy was
a willing participant, yes?
Yeah, of course.
Then why are you
taking away her agency?
If this was a mistake,
then it's one
you made together.
Last day as a rookie!
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
It's just--it's very exciting.
Yeah, no, it--it is awesome.
Oh, I--
I sense a but in there.
You know,
a high percentage of rookies
suffer a setback
on their last day,
so you just gotta stay on top
of it and don't get distracted.
Well, that's certainly
taking the fun out of it.
No, no. I'm sorry.
It--it is amazing.
New lipstick.
You're a little bit more, uh,
made up than usual.
What's happening?
Nothing.
I'm just switching it up a bit.
Stop!
- What? Come on.
Maybe I should too.
No.
Stay the course.
Tomorrow I can go crazy.
Tomorrow,
when I'm no longer a rookie.
♪ Oh, I'm gonna win
for you ♪
♪ Like I know
you want me to do ♪
Hang in there, man.
Okay.
We got your back, big dog.
Thanks.
What's happening?
Everybody's heard
you and Bailey are fighting.
Cops gossip more
than middle schoolers.
First marriage
is just a trial run.
There's no shame in divorce.
Every cop goes through this.
Okay, it's not
my first marriage.
And we're not getting divorced.
It--it's just a fight.
Uh-huh.
I used this guy for
my last three divorces.
How many times have
you been married?
This decade? Just three.
You keep that. I don't think
I'll be needing it.
Denial. I get it.
Stay strong.
This is ridiculous.
Couples fight.
I mean, granted,
it's a bad one.
But it's not over.
Great.
I feel like
you don't believe me.
Feel like
you don't believe yourself.
Yeah, I don't know.
It's just--
God, it's taking up
so much space in my brain.
I just gotta get of my head.
You know what helps me?
- Violence?
- Action.
Pull some felony warrants,
get in trouble.
Last thing you'll be thinking
about is a personal woe.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, you and Camilla were
on completely different paths.
It's clearly for the best.
- I know.
But my problems right now are
minor in comparison to yours.
How's the cancer treatment
going, my brother?
So far, so good.
You sure you're ready
to be here, Boot?
Uh, yes, sir.
Thanks for asking.
I'm not asking to be kind.
I'm asking because
if you're not up to the task,
you put the life of your TO
in jeopardy.
Uh, no, sir.
I--I--uh, yes, sir.
I mean I am good to go
and I will not let her down.
Make sure you don't, or
we're going to have problems.
You're here early.
Sometimes being
Detective Harper
is easier than being Mama.
Or Mrs.
Yes, that one is
really tough right now.
The constant arguing over
policing is wearing me out.
Harper, you're needed
in Interrogation One.
- For what?
- No idea.
That's just the message
I was given.
Okay.
What--uh--
why?
We were supposed to talk
this morning,
and you left before I woke up.
I'm sorry.
I just--I have a really
heavy caseload right now.
Nyla, you always do.
But you're the one
who raised the red flag
about our relationship
and how our jobs
make our marriage
that much more difficult
sometimes, and yet,
you've been avoiding
talking about it.
So yeah, I've had to resort
to gimmicks like this
just to get some face time
with my wife.
Okay. Uh, you are not wrong.
What if there is no way to make
you feel good about what I do?
Then we deal with it.
I mean, maybe
that tears us apart,
or maybe we get stronger
by solving it together.
But either way,
it's a hell of a lot better
than this slow dance
of silence.
Now, I got to go to a meeting.
Um, I'll see you tonight.
How are you feeling?
Pretty good,
all things considered.
Yeah, well, it seems like
there's a lot of options
with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Have you had any lymphedema?
Not a lot of people know
about that side effect.
Something's going on
with my rookie.
It's on me to do the homework.
Yeah, or try
to catch me in a lie.
Never occurred to me that
you would lie about
something like that.
Look, I--
I know I don't have
the best track record,
but I would never
lie about cancer.
If you have any doubts,
you know you can always
check my medical records.
I'm a rookie.
I signed away my
medical privacy when I joined.
I might do that.
Yeah.
Yeah, you should.
You know, I'm--
I'm open to anything
that'll help
rebuild the trust between us.
Hey, stranger. What's up?
I need to show you something.
Can you meet me
at the apartment?
Yeah.
I don't like the sound of that.
Uh, I'll be there
in ten minutes.
But it's my last day
as a rookie.
I understand.
Well, I was hoping
to avoid situations
that would jeopardize
my graduation
from the FTO program.
And yet as your training
officer for this one last day,
I set the agenda.
And I say the agenda
is go hard.
Is this so you won't have
to think about Bailey?
If it is, do you really think
it's a good idea
to say her name?
No, sir.
I am fully on board
with going hard.
Whatever my TO wants.
- Great.
Check the box,
see who's got warrants.
Make sure they're felony NBA
so they're in a fighting mood.
The ball's in his court.
John knows where to find me
when he wants to talk.
And if he doesn't?
He will.
Obviously, I don't really
know what's going on
because you've been maddeningly
vague, but it's been a week.
Might be time to reach out.
You want me off your couch?
No.
A little.
A timeline would be nice.
10-99 at
1600 Beechwood Street.
10-99 at 1600--
- What's that?
- VARDA alarm.
Bypasses dispatch to alert
all nearby units.
Shelters and clinics have them
to speed up the response time
for break-ins and assaults.
It's the
Good Samaritan Women's Shelter.
Control, 7-Adam-100
responding to that 10-99,
1600 Beechwood Street.
Code-3.
Copy. Follow-up call
reports disgruntled husband
attempting to enter,
armed with bat.
Punch it! Let's get there.
Manya! Out of my way!
I want to talk to my wife!
With a bat?
Restraining order
says 100 yards.
I warned you!
Drop the bat!
- Damn it!
- Give up! Drop the bat!
I got him!
Get off me!
I saw your head
hit the concrete.
How's your vision?
Uh, fine.
Uh, Cody went down harder
than I did thanks to you.
I'd still like to get you
evaluated for a concussion.
And let's splint this wrist.
The bruising and swelling
indicates a fracture.
Yeah.
Why is it taking so long
to find a hot warrant?
Yeah, turns out we've got
most of the real bad guys
in custody.
Yay us!
Checking again.
7-Adam-15,
I have an in-progress 211
at Lock, Stock,
and Barrel Gun Supply.
RP spotted a blue van
speeding from the scene
approximately five minutes ago.
What are the odds
that's our van?
Fairly small, given there are
several thousand blue vans
in Los Angeles.
We're still going to stop
and investigate
and hope it's full
of armed robbers?
Now you're getting
the swing of today.
7-Adam-15, we are Code-6,
Lancaster and Western,
investigating possible
suspect vehicle.
Driver!
Please exit the vehicle,
keeping your hands where
I can see them!
Yep!
No problem...
officers.
Oh.
Steady, Officer Juarez.
Need you to go clear the front.
Step forward for me, sir.
Uh, what can
I help you with today?
It's not illegal
to run out of petrol, is it?
A van matching
this description
was involved
in an armed robbery.
Wow.
Well, it wasn't this one.
I've been stuck here
since about half-past
waiting for a rescue.
All right, the front's clear,
but I can't really
see the back.
Well, aren't you
a smile in a moor-gallop.
Sir, I'm going to need
to see some ID.
And I would love
to show you some,
but I left the house
without my wallet.
I barely remembered
to put on a shirt...
if you can picture that.
It happens to all of us.
Well, then I'm gonna need
to see inside that van.
No problem.
Just a few bits and bobs
inside.
You know, nothing of note.
Which is a shame, really,
because something tells me
being handcuffed by you
would be quite the treat.
Yeah, sure.
- What about the guns?
- Gotta write 'em off.
♪ Don't stop ♪
♪ Why? ♪
Well, sir,
I think you got your fight.
Happy?
♪ Why? ♪
My room looks bigger.
Well, that's
'cause it's clean.
Hi.
- This the new Boot?
- Yeah.
Tamara, Seth.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
What's up?
Um...
I got this on campus.
Ooh, you worried
about cavities?
They're Xanax
with a kick of ketamine.
So I hear.
I haven't tried it.
These are
incredibly dangerous.
You overdo it on these
and your heart stops.
Where did you get these?
My roommate's boyfriend.
Said first one's free.
Want me to make
an introduction?
Yeah.
I mean, if you're up for it.
We just have to find
a believable buyer.
Somebody who is not a rookie.
Whoever it is needs
to look like a college student.
I can do it.
Whoever it needs
to look like--
Wow, okay.
I get it. Thank you.
I get carded
at movie theaters.
I can do this.
I'll introduce him
as my boyfriend.
I'll say he goes to UCLA.
Yeah, Tamara vouches for me,
I make the buy.
Easy.
Great.
You can't do this, man.
Look, I need
to talk to my wife.
Shut up!
You can't stay
in there forever!
Shut up or I'll bust
your teeth out your mouth,
you hear me?
Did you just threaten
a suspect in police custody?
He's an asshole!
Yeah, he files a complaint
against the city and wins,
he'll be a rich asshole.
That what you want?
No, sir.
Hey.
What's up?
There was a call back in
Texas my first year on the job.
I didn't get there in time.
He killed the kids too.
Look.
Those calls are hard
for all of us, all right?
But crossing the line
gives guys like this
a get-out-of-jail-free card,
and I know you don't want that.
No, sir.
I'll do better controlling
my emotions in the future.
I saw that flawless
elbow strike
that knocked the wind
out of him.
Badass.
I don't know.
Necessary, maybe.
It's not the first time
I have had
to defend myself from a man.
It's why I do what
I do at the shelter.
After my ex broke my rib,
I swore never again.
So now I am a blue belt
in Krav Maga,
and it's the other guy
that has the broken rib.
I'm a capoeira master
and a level one Krav Maga.
For now.
I thought I sensed
a kindred spirit.
But you know, tough women,
they often come
with dark stories.
I just like
to learn new things.
I see.
Well, if you ever want
to talk martial arts,
you know where to find me.
Mm.
Big guy's called the Hammer.
His partner is Mickey Barnes.
Their prints turned up at a gun
store robbery in Bakersfield.
MO matches three other heists
in the area.
They've been stealing guns
for the last four months.
They planning
some kind of attack?
They're not exactly planners.
Most likely
they stole the guns to sell.
At least they didn't
steal any more today.
That isn't quite true,
though, is it?
Uh, no, sir.
They also got
the police-issue weapons
in the back of the shop.
And?
And the ammo.
And a police radio.
A-and the onboard computer
and the vehicle itself.
Officer Nolan,
remind me again
how many times has
your shop been stolen?
Twice.
Sir, believe me,
I know how serious this is,
and I will fix it.
It wasn't entirely
Nolan's fault.
Isn't this your last day
on probation, Officer Juarez?
Was I saying anything?
Sir, we will
get everything back.
The tracker is still active
in the shop.
We will chase it all down
just as soon as we get
a temporary replacement.
Don't lose that too.
Officer Chen,
why do I hear you're Code-6
at your apartment?
Tamara came to me with a lead
on a guy who's dealing ketamine
on a college campus,
and I was wondering
if I had your permission
to send Ridley
on an undercover buy.
You think he's ready?
Uh...
yeah, I mean,
it's a simple hand-to-hand.
He can do it.
- Okay, I trust your judgment.
You'll need backup.
Grab Smitty.
Oh, I was thinking maybe
Harper and Lopez?
They're busy.
It's Smitty or no one.
Right.
Yeah, that is them,
all right.
Good news is,
they parked the shop
right next to
the stolen weapons.
Yeah, bad news is, they're
surrounded by stolen weapons.
Yeah.
So what's the play?
Well, the last thing we want
is to get into a firefight.
They're too well-armed.
all: Oh.
- Really?
- Ain't no harm in looking.
Yeah, I'm referring
to the audible gasp.
I say...
We wait till they separate,
then move in,
divide and conquer.
Great.
How about we take Mickey.
No.
Good try, Boot.
We will take Mickey.
You two get the Hammer.
After this morning's debacle,
you two should be thanking us
for giving you a chance
at redemption.
Your thank you card's
in the mail.
Can I just get
one quick peek?
No.
Oi, you done yet?
Nearly.
But I'd be a lot closer if you
got off your ass and helped.
I just put on a clean shirt.
But when you're done,
pull this people carrier out
so I can back
that copper's motor in.
And this one better run.
That wasn't my fault.
Dodgy Paul told me
it was top-of-the-line.
Oh, and it never
occurred to you
that a car thief named
Dodgy Paul might be lying?
Hands up.
Ooh.
All right, lovely.
They're up.
Turn around.
Now it's getting kinky.
Ooh.
I do have a gun
in my right pocket.
But I'm also happy to see you.
Wow.
Oh.
Police! Hands up.
Hello, sweetheart.
You miss me?
- Hands on your head.
Turn around.
Walk towards us nice and slow.
I think we know what I'm
going to say to that, don't we?
I'm unarmed.
You can't shoot
an unarmed man, can you?
You're right. We can't.
Work smarter, not harder,
am I right?
It's getting worse!
Rubbing doesn't help!
The dealer is Andy Hersh,
21 years old.
This is a simple buy-walk deal.
Buy drugs, walk away.
That's it.
We will come back
for the arrest.
We just need to get
the buy on the wire.
There's also
the manufacturing arm.
We need to know who's
importing the raw materials.
No, no, no, no.
That's not today.
Today, you buy and you walk.
- Got it.
- Okay.
That's him.
Andy, hey!
What's up?
This is my boyfriend, Seth.
He goes to UCLA.
Oh, my condolences.
Yeah, we keep
getting our asses kicked
and Tam's telling me
that I got to transfer.
Tam? Ew.
It's cute.
No, it's not.
Well, life's better
on this side of town, so.
That's what I hear.
You got better teams.
Better candy.
I mean,
quality doesn't come cheap.
It's not a problem.
You know, only the best
for my girl, right?
You're together.
We get it. Jeez.
The kid's just selling it.
Or maybe he's into her.
Either way, what's the problem?
He's--
He's not right for her.
Parenting is hard.
But at some point,
you gotta let the kids
spread their wings
and make their own mistakes.
Wait.
Smitty, do you have kids?
Do I?
What?
$300 a pop.
Okay, you got the buy.
Now walk.
Buy, walk, buy, walk. Jeez.
Can you get more?
What?
I got a friend who's
throwing these parties
and, you know,
he's always looking.
Yeah, I can get as much
as he wants.
Assuming he can pay.
Yeah, I'll let him know.
Cool.
Good to see you.
- Yeah.
You just opened the door
for a bigger bust.
High five, kid.
I can't believe we did that.
How are you so calm?
Because I got a good partner.
Ridley, it was risky
to push for more product.
But it worked.
I never should have
listened to Mickey.
You can't pull a heist while
Mercury's in retrograde.
And it's transiting Aries.
You could not have
timed this worse.
Exactly!
Last time this happened,
my fiancée left me.
Yeah, maybe she left you
because of the stars.
Maybe it was all the arrests.
Nah, she said
it was all the cheating.
That'll do it.
What? What?
Go back to work.
He can't see you. Get to work.
So just to be clear,
you still think that
you're going to walk
on how many felonies?
Three.
And so much evidence.
I can't remember a time
we had this much evidence.
Can you?
- Uh, let's see.
Fingerprints,
surveillance video,
eyewitness accounts,
body cam, shop cam, dash cam.
I mean, it is
literally a mountain.
Even if that were true,
you need me.
Need you for what?
To get to the bigger fish.
We were supposed to deliver
those guns to the Butcher.
So do you really want
to bust me,
some street-level, cheeky,
little pirate...
or do you want to take down
a real shot-caller?
Hmm.
It's compelling,
but Mickey Barnes
is both snake and charmer.
You of all people know
my ability to sense
exaggeration is flawless.
He's telling the truth.
Okay. What's the timeline?
Hammer and Mickey are
supposed to deliver the guns
to the Butcher tomorrow.
The DA's office can
offer reduced sentences
if the LAPD can provide
full surveillance
and arrest the Butcher.
I'll authorize it.
But we need to move Mickey
and the Hammer
to a safe house tonight,
which means I need officers
ready to transport
and work a graveyard.
Uh, rumor mill says
Nolan is looking for anything
to distract him
from his domestic situation.
And I happen to know another
lonely senior officer
happy to pick up
an extra shift.
Checked and double-checked.
Oh.
Well, then that's it.
You have reached the end
of your last day as a rookie.
Oh,
I can't believe I made it.
Thank you for everything.
Being your training officer
has been an honor
and a privilege.
Officers!
If I may have your attention
for a moment.
Thank you.
I am so proud to announce
that my rookie,
Officer Celina Juarez,
has successfully
reached the end
of her POST-mandated training
and has reached the capacity
of solo beat officer.
Congratulations,
Officer Juarez.
Thank you! Whoo!
Oh, hi.
I was hoping I'd see you again.
I've been thinking
a lot about what you said
about tough women
having dark stories.
I, um--I might have lied
in the ambulance earlier.
We all do.
It's the easiest way
to protect ourselves.
I've been collecting ways
to protect myself for years.
I fight fires, I shoot guns,
I jump out of planes,
I save lives.
Is it working?
Yeah.
- My ex was unimaginably cruel.
- Mm.
He died trying to kill me.
But he never hit me
while we were married.
And even now,
I have a hard time
labeling what
he put me through as abuse.
Yeah.
I never looked like
the women in a Lifetime movie.
There were no black eyes,
no broken bones.
Just a lot of gray area.
Mm-hmm.
Getting physical
in the bedroom,
play that turned rough.
No one knew I needed rescuing.
So I rescued myself.
But in the end, none of it
actually even mattered
because my ex found me
and ripped my life apart again.
And even now he's--
he's dead, and he's still
haunting my marriage.
My husband, who is the
greatest man I've ever known,
isn't speaking to me because
of something I did out of fear.
I was trying to protect myself.
But if we don't work,
my ex will have
taken everything from me.
He would have won.
Hey.
He can't win.
He's dead.
You won.
You got out alive
and you have all the power now.
So yeah, you can talk about
what it was like for real.
Gray areas included.
Especially to this--
this husband of yours,
you know,
that you love so much.
He cannot help you heal
if he doesn't know what's
still alive inside of you.
Oi, does this thing
get the football?
American?
Ugh, savages.
All right, boys.
Doors and windows are locked,
the alarms are set.
There's a patrol car in front
and behind the house.
No one enters or leaves
until we depart
for the weapon exchange
tomorrow morning.
There is no internet,
no contact with anyone
until after the handoff.
Sergeant Bradford has
custody of the phone
that you'll be using to
communicate with the Butcher.
Are we clear on everything?
What's the Hulu password?
What part of no internet
do you not understand?
I thought you lot had rules
against cruel
and unusual punishment.
Apparently not.
Oh, this is going
to be a long night.
Eh, beats going home
to an empty house.
You and Bailey
still not talking?
Oh, Hammer, got a couple
of sad coppers in here, mate.
What happened, fella?
Catch your missus stepping out?
Don't engage.
Mate, give the poor sod
a break.
A man's heartbreak is
no laughing matter.
I wouldn't know.
Tend to be the one
doing the breaking up,
if you know what I mean.
Weren't you getting engaged
last time I arrested you?
Yeah, and then you
and that lady cop
won the ring off of me
and everything fell apart.
You won a ring off him?
Randy pawned off Bailey's
ring the day of your wedding.
Hammer bought it
and Lucy and I got it back.
What?
You're welcome.
- Babe, we need wine out here.
- On it.
So James and I are
supposed to talk tonight,
and I just can't do it again.
You know,
it's like I start talking
and then he starts talking,
and fundamentally, we agree.
Policing in this country
should be better.
But then
we get into the details
and all of a sudden
we don't agree
and then it's a fight
and we don't even know
how we got there.
Thank you, Wesley.
- No problem.
But it comes with
a little unsolicited advice.
Oh, God.
No, no. This is good.
Please, I need
a man's perspective.
Hmm.
Okay.
Generally speaking,
we're simple,
straightforward creatures.
And we do like to talk,
but that talk has
to have an endgame.
We're working it out, great.
But what did we decide,
you know?
Like, what's the plan?
And James doesn't have to
change his position or tactics
because philosophically,
you agree with him.
So it's on me
to do something.
Actions speak louder
than words.
Basic guy code.
Look at him.
He can't take it.
Soft little--
Perimeter's secure.
Ingress and egress have
been double-checked.
Sheriff's office is still
posted out front and out back.
Good.
The burner phone's quiet.
I suspect the Butcher
won't reach out until morning.
I can, uh, take first watch
if you want to get
some shut-eye.
I don't sleep when
I'm on shift.
But go ahead. You look wrecked.
Yeah, hard to sleep when
she's not there.
Um, can I ask you
a personal question?
Usually I'd say no,
but I've been working on being
more emotionally available,
so shoot.
How did you, um--
with Isabel, how did you know
when it was over?
I didn't.
Not for a long time.
You know, it turns out
you can only fracture something
so many times
before it's impossible
to put back together.
Problem is, I didn't
realize that until I had tried.
You're saying the only way
I can...
know for sure that it's over
is to try and fix it?
If that's what you want.
We're both so dug in,
I don't see how
we can move forward.
One step at a time.
And maybe you're right, okay?
Maybe things between
you and Bailey can't be fixed.
But don't make the same mistake
I did with Lucy
and quit before
the battle's done.
If you love her, fight.
Otherwise, you might
spend the rest of your life
wondering if you
could have done more.
You are one hour away
from being a full-fledged cop.
How do you feel?
- Mm, good, I think.
Mostly. A-and also not.
- Mm.
You know, being a rookie
was one of the hardest things
I've ever done.
And as a reward for passing,
I get to keep doing it
for 30 years.
Yay!
Mm.
What?
Tamara and Seth are
on a date?
They'd be so cute!
That's a bad thing.
How could they?
Where do we even start?
It's like ice cream Jenga.
UCLA.
So boss man Javi
wants to meet you.
Great. Um, cool.
Anytime.
- Great.
Get in the car.
Sorry, guys.
He's mine tonight.
- So come.
- No.
This ice cream was, like, $30,
and somebody's gotta eat it.
Don't worry. I'll be back.
I promise.
Mm.
Hey, are you with Seth?
I saw that photo.
I mean, I was,
but he just left with Andy.
Stop.
Andy from the drug buy?
Yeah, um,
he had a couple guys
and said Javi wanted to talk.
I took a picture of the plate
just in case.
Okay.
And--and Seth went with them?
Yeah. I mean, they just
think he's a buyer, right?
He'll be okay.
He has his police ID on him
and his off-duty weapon.
If they search him, it's over.
Hey, what's up?
Hey, uh, Seth is in trouble
and I was hoping that
you could help me and Celina
get him out of it.
We're tracking a license plate.
I'm on a safe house detail
tonight with Nolan.
Let me get an officer
to replace me.
Text me your location.
Your shift doesn't start
for 20 minutes.
Lucy called.
Seth's in trouble.
They need backup.
I'm going to call the station
to have a replacement officer
brought in.
Get two. I'll go with you.
The handoff isn't for hours.
Where's Mickey?
In the loo.
I'm gonna move him along.
Mickey, let's go.
Mickey, I'm coming in.
Tim?
What's going on?
Do not move.
Is there a problem?
Where's Mickey?
Get down on the floor.
Like hell I will.
Hammer, do not push me.
I need you in cuffs
so I can check on my sergeant.
You need to tell me
what's going on.
Where's Mickey?
Hammer.
Ooh, get his gun.
Hammer, if you take one step,
I will shoot you.
Mickey, what
in God's name are you doing?
I'm going to get us
out of here.
But we've made a deal
with the coppers.
And I made a different deal,
all right?
With my lawyer.
The Butcher's
going to set us up.
What if I don't want
to get set up with the Butcher?
I like the sound of WITSEC.
A fresh start,
a new chance at love.
Man, I don't have
time for this.
You owe me.
Now get his gun and tune
him up a little, all right?
You like fighting cops.
Knock him around. Let's go.
He's gonna shoot me!
No, he isn't.
Yes, I am.
He shoots you,
I shoot his partner.
Shoot 'em both.
Don't worry about me.
Now, that's
just unreasonable.
Listen, use your nut.
There is no reason anyone
needs to get shot, okay?
So Hammer,
will you get his damn gun?
Uh...
no, I want my deal.
Can't believe you just
did me dirty like that.
Well, next time you change
the plan, you talk to me.
Well, here he is.
Hammer, seriously, thank you.
Turn around.
Javi has to be Javi Rosio.
He has a history of importing
and pressing Xanax.
Okay.
What's his last-known address?
45th and Fig.
Javi is a career criminal.
He'll definitely search Seth
when he arrives.
Yeah, we need to stop them.
Um...
you know what?
God, I love this song, man.
Hey, man, you know I can
totally drive if you want.
Ah, you're kidding me.
All right.
All right, be easy, guys.
- Evening.
- Yeah, how's it going?
- License and registration.
- Yeah, sure thing.
That's not mine.
Turn off the vehicle.
Let's go.
Can--can you just please
not tell my parents?
My dad is gonna kill me.
Sure, kid.
Thanks.
In you go.
Hey.
Hi.
Thank you for the rescue.
Thank Tamara.
She told us what
we needed to find you.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a good thing
we were hanging out, huh?
I wouldn't say that.
Hey, can you get
these things off me?
I'm sorry.
I don't have any keys on me.
Ah. Heard things got a
little rough at the safe house.
Yeah, thanks
for volunteering us.
Thanks for the middle-
of-the-night wake-up call.
Are the Butcher's guys
in interrogation?
Ready and waiting
for you to flip them,
get an arrest warrant
for the Butcher,
and take all the glory.
Oh, it's good
to be detective.
I'll be right there.
Hey, do you have a minute?
Of course.
Okay, so
I've been thinking about
putting feet to all this talk
about policing with James.
If I were to start
a group of cops
who were dedicated to reform,
would anyone join?
Absolutely.
You might make
a few enemies too.
Oh, I don't care about that.
Great.
Let me be the first to sign up.
Do we get a secret handshake?
No. There is nothing secret
about this.
The whole point
is to put a public face
on change from within.
Right. May I recommend
matching T-shirts?
- No.
- Think about it.
How's Seth?
Yeah, yeah, he's great.
Um, I need to talk to you
about something.
About how weird you were
about us hanging out?
Look, Tamara,
you don't know Seth like I do.
What does that mean?
He lies a lot.
Like, habitually.
He's training to be a cop.
I know, and--
and I'm working on that.
But the point is...
you can't date him.
I--I can't?
Uh--
I--I misspoke, all right?
I just think that--
- It's not up to you.
What was that about?
Well,
she has a thing for Seth
and I tried to warn her about
him and it did not go well.
You want me to put the
fear of Bradford in him?
Yeah.
No.
No, that would just
make things worse.
Ma'am?
Officer Miles Penn.
I responded to the incident at
your shelter yesterday morning.
Of course.
Um, call me Diana, please.
Um, thank you
for your prompt response.
It looked like you had things
pretty well under control.
I did until I didn't.
Ugh, one of
the most frustrating things
about being a woman is that
no matter how--
how strong,
how skilled I become,
an angry 200-pound man will
always have the upper hand.
Well, that's--
that's actually why I'm here.
If you're interested,
I would like to offer my
services to you free of charge
as a security guard
for your shelter
or the downtown women's center.
When I'm off-duty, that is.
That's an incredibly
generous offer.
I just don't want
to see another woman get hurt.
Neither do I.
♪ To dance you out
to the garden ♪
♪ Where this bloom,
it stays... ♪
I have coffee, wine,
or a sleep aid,
depending on your vibe.
I love you.
And I'm sorry I had
to run out last night.
It's all good.
I know who I married.
And I love you too.
So I'm doing a thing.
I realized it was time
for me to put my money
where my mouth is,
so I talked to Grey,
and he has given me approval
to start a police
accountability advocacy group
within the station
so that cops who believe that
changes in policing
are necessary
can work together
to be that change.
And I hope you don't mind,
but I have
volunteered you to be
our chief community liaison.
Of course I don't mind.
But won't that cause trouble
for you down at the station?
I have been undercover
with cartels,
so those cops don't scare me.
So let's get to it.
What is first on the agenda?
Well, uh, by far the most
important action item...
is this.
Hey.
Do you want some coffee?
I made a pot.
Uh, no, thank you, I'm good.
Right, this is the part where
I explain why I'm here.
If you want.
Or we could just sit.
No, I want to explain.
There's a lot that
I haven't told you
about my marriage to Jason.
Not because I wanted
to keep secrets from you.
I was in denial about
a lot of my experiences.
And I made
a new friend recently
who helped me see that
denial is no longer serving me.
And reminded me that
you are the best ally
to help me face what happened
and heal it.
For years,
I've only acknowledged
the emotional abuse
Jason put me through
because it kept me out
of the battered wife category,
but when he escalated
to framing me,
stalking me,
and trying to kill me,
so did I.
Malvado was a desperate move
for safety.
I was--I was scared.
So scared that it--
it broke me.
And I did a stupid thing.
And then
I made you feel judged.
Instead of supported.
I wish I could go back and
do it all over again and...
show you that the fear
I was feeling about that phone
was for you...
for the danger
you put yourself in.
But all I can do is apologize.
For making you feel alone,
because you are not alone.
You're loved.
Now I know how we fix this.
The answer's together, right?
Yes.
Come here.
Mm.
Damn it.